clarify the globallabels format (#1248)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/configuration.asciidoc

[[config-global-labels]]
==== `GlobalLabels` (added[1.2])

> Labels added to all events, with the format `"GlobalLabels": "key=value,key=value,..."`.

Reviewer: I don't think the format should include `"GlobalLabels"`, as it's not correct for a value coming from environment variables, or certain `IConfiguration` structures [such as from ASP.NET Full Framework's appSettings](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/dotnet/master/configuration-on-asp-net.html#asp-net-sample-config).

> Labels added to all events, with the format `"GlobalLabels": "key=value,key=value,..."`.

Reviewer: Something like

```suggestion
Labels added to all events, where each label is specified as `key=value` pair in which the `key` is the label name and `value` is the label value, and where multiple labels are each separated by a comma, for example, `label1=value1,label2=value2`.
```

@bmorelli25 might be able to come up with something more succinct.

Reviewer 2: I think that's fine. I would probably separate the thought into a few different sentences to make it easier to consume:

> Labels added to all events. Labels are `key=value` pairs, where `key` is the label name and `value` is the label value. Separate multiple labels with a comma. For example, `label1=value1,label2=value2`.
